update url to ocm credentials (#221)
open-component-model/ocm-k8s-toolkit: docs/getting-started.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The ocm-controllers need to be able to access the OCI registry, in which the OCM component version is stored. So, you
> either must provide [credentials][ocm-credentials] for the OCI registry or make the OCM component version public.
> 
> Quick Guide:

> > Assuming you have such a `.ocmconfig` you can use `kubectl create secret generic my-secret --from-file=.ocmconfig`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Assuming you work with a configuration file like `.ocmconfig`, you can use `kubectl create secret generic my-secret --from-file=.ocmconfig`
```
